v3.0,dev/how-to/configure: initialize cluster managed by tidb-operator (#1344)
pingcap/docs: dev/TOC.md

  + Configure
    - [Time Zone](how-to/configure/time-zone.md)
    - [Memory Control](how-to/configure/memory-control.md)

>     - [Cluster Initialization](how-to/configure/initialize-cluster.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Initialize a TiDB Cluster](how-to/configure/initialize-cluster.md)
```

Author: As the parent topic is Configure, I think we should use a noun phrase here.

Reviewer: Discussed with @lilin90. We think we can use "Cluster Initialization" in TOC.md, and "Initialize a TiDB Cluster" as the document title, because it is in the how-to category.
